Add 1-step continuous aggregate policies (#1497)
timescale/docs: _partials/_caggs-one-step-policy.mdx

<h2>
  Use a one-step policy definition to set a {props.policyType} policy on a
  continuous aggregate
</h2>

In TimescaleDB 2.8 and above, policy management on continuous aggregates is
simplified. You can add, change, or remove the refresh, compression, and data
retention policies on a continuous aggregate using a one-step API. For more

> information, see the APIs for [adding policies][add-policies], [altering
> policies][alter-policies], and [removing policies][remove-policies]. Note that
> this feature is experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information, see the APIs for [adding policies][add-policies], 
[altering policies][alter-policies], and [removing policies][remove-policies]. 
Note that this feature is experimental.
```

Don't we have an experimental block we can add here?

<highlight type="note">

>   The policies changed using this API apply to the continuous aggregate, not to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When you change policies with this API, the changes apply to the continuous aggregate, not to
```

import Experimental from "versionContent/_partials/_experimental.mdx";

<h2>

>   Use a one-step policy definition to set a {props.policyType} policy on a

Reviewer 2: Where will this be shown?
Until we get more feedback, we are not trying to move users to the new functions vs. the current process.

Author: I put it on all the how-to guides for setting refresh, compression, and retention policies. If you don't want to advertise the new functions too broadly, I can take it off the how-to guides for now and just add the API references.
